Fix links (#1814)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/gen-ai/gen-ai-events.md

<!-- tocstop -->

> GenAI instrumentations MAY capture user inputs sent to the model and responses received from it as [events](../general/events.md).

Author: @lmolkova alternatively could do

```suggestion
GenAI instrumentations MAY capture user inputs sent to the model and responses received from it as [events](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/tree/v1.41.0/specification/logs/api.md#emit-a-logrecord).
```

Reviewer: Let's link the events section there?

```suggestion
GenAI instrumentations MAY capture user inputs sent to the model and responses received from it as [events](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.41.0/specification/logs/data-model.md#events).
```
